Update peta_is_bad.md (#42)
veganhacktivists/animalsupportbot: knowledge/responses/peta_is_bad.md

> PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) is the world's largest animal rights organization. Their campaigns have caused significant gains for animal rights, including cosmetics brands dropping animal testing, and <a href="https://www.thecut.com/2018/10/has-peta-finally-won-the-war-against-fur.html"> hundreds of fashion brands stopping using fur</a>. They have also made significant inroads in convincing people to go vegan. As such, it has drawn the ire and organized opposition of those who don't want to see the change PETA is set to bring about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) is the world's largest animal rights organization. Their campaigns have caused significant gains for animal rights, including pressuring cosmetics brands to drop animal testing, and <a href="https://www.thecut.com/2018/10/has-peta-finally-won-the-war-against-fur.html"> hundreds of fashion brands to stop using fur</a>. They have also made significant inroads in convincing people to go vegan. As such, it has drawn the ire and organized opposition of those who don't want to see the change PETA is set to bring about.
```

> PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) is the world's largest animal rights organization. Their campaigns have caused significant gains for animal rights, including pressuring cosmetics brands to drop animal testing, and <a href="https://www.thecut.com/2018/10/has-peta-finally-won-the-war-against-fur.html"> hundreds of fashion brands to stop using fur</a>. They have also made significant inroads in convincing people to go vegan. As such, it has drawn the ire and organized opposition of those who don't want to see the change PETA is set to bring about.

Reviewer 2: Let's remove this anchor tag and move the source to "References" section

> For instance, one of the most organized campaigns against PETA claims that PETA euthanizes animals like any regular shelter. <a href="https://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/Richard_Berman_cares_about_animals:_clients_exposed"> This campaign was coordinated by the Center for Consumer Freedom </a>, an organization sponsored, among others, by meat and tobacco companies.

Reviewer 2: Also remove this anchor tag.

> PETA's blitz-style campaigns often draws negative publicity to their targets, and contain a good dose of shock-value. This approach, however disruptive, has yielded excelent results, year after year. For example, the iditarod dog race has lost several sponsors, several countries have banned fur farms, food suppliers and cosmetic companies quit animal testing, aquariums lost their rights to abuse dolphins and whales, use of animals in circus in several jurisdictions became illegal, etc. Even if you are not vegan, I believe you agree whales and elephants shouldn't be confined in small spaces and tortured to perform tricks. All these victories are thanks to PETA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PETA's blitz-style campaigns often draws negative publicity to their targets, and contain a good dose of shock-value. This approach, however disruptive, has yielded excellent results, year after year. For example, the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race has lost several sponsors, several countries have banned fur farms, food suppliers and cosmetic companies quit animal testing, aquariums lost their rights to abuse dolphins and whales, use of animals in circus in several jurisdictions became illegal, etc [4]. Whether or not you're vegan, you may agree that these forms of animal exploitation are unconscionable. All of these victories are thanks to PETA.
```

> Jonathan Safran Foer, in his book Eating Animals, says: _"Whatever one thinks of them, no organization strikes fear in the factory farm industry and its allies more than PETA. They are effective. When PETA targeted fast-food companies, the most famous and powerful welfare scientist in the country, Temple Grandin (who has designed more than half the cattle slaughter facilities in the nation), said she saw more improvement in welfare in one year than she had seen in her entire thirty-year career previously. Arguably the biggest PETA hater on the planet, Steve Kopperud (a meat industry consultant who has given anti-PETA seminars for a decade), puts it this way: “There’s enough understanding in the industry now of what PETA’s capable of to put the fear of God into many executives.” It didn’t surprise me to learn that companies of all kinds regularly negotiate with PETA and quietly make changes in their animal welfare policies to avoid being publicly targeted by the group."_ 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Jonathan Safran Foer, in his book "Eating Animals," says: 

> Whatever one thinks of them, no organization strikes fear in the factory farm industry and its allies more than PETA. They are effective. When PETA targeted fast-food companies, the most famous and powerful welfare scientist in the country, Temple Grandin (who has designed more than half the cattle slaughter facilities in the nation), said she saw more improvement in welfare in one year than she had seen in her entire thirty-year career previously. Arguably the biggest PETA hater on the planet, Steve Kopperud (a meat industry consultant who has given anti-PETA seminars for a decade), puts it this way: “There’s enough understanding in the industry now of what PETA’s capable of to put the fear of God into many executives.” It didn’t surprise me to learn that companies of all kinds regularly negotiate with PETA and quietly make changes in their animal welfare policies to avoid being publicly targeted by the group.
```

<b>References</b>:<br>
[1] <a href="https://www.thecut.com/2018/10/has-peta-finally-won-the-war-against-fur.html">Has PETA Finally Won the War against Fur?</a><br>
[2] <a href="https://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/Richard_Berman_cares_about_animals:_clients_exposed">PetaKillsAnimals.com was created by the Center for Consumer Freedom (CCF)</a><br>
[3]<a href="https://www.peta.org/blog/euthanasia"> Why We Euthanize</a><br>
[4] <a href="https://www.peta.org/about-peta/victories/">See Our Latest Victories</a><br>

> [5] FROER, Jonathan Safran - <a href="https://www.abebooks.com/9780241143933/Eating-Animals-Foer-Jonathan-Safran-0241143934/plp">Eating Animals</a>, 2010

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[5] [Jonathan Safran Froer, Eating Animals](https://www.littlebrown.com/titles/jonathan-safran-foer/eating-animals/9780316086646/)
```

Do this format for each source and make sure there's a space between each line. I decided to use the Little Brown link since that's the publisher.
